Hello. It has been a very long time
since I've posted a video. It's been
like a year and a half. Obviously, it's
a bit weird for someone to disappear
from the internet for a long period of
time and then figuring out how to come
back is also weird. So, that's the goal
of this video, to explain where I've
been, what I've been up to, and where
I'm going. Where I've been is pretty
simple. At first, I was going through a
pretty hard time in my life. I had some
pretty bad health issues that showed up
and some personal stuff that just
required me to take a step back. And I
didn't intend for it to be a long step
back.
Uh I just intended for it to be a short
step back. Things were pretty bad and
ultimately it was just like, "Okay, I
need to figure this out." And luckily I
did figure it out, you know,
everything's going a lot better now and
this year's actually been a really
amazing year. I've been up to some like
really fun weird stuff that I wouldn't
have done if I was still posting YouTube
videos and it's been really great. But
in the background of all of that, I've
been thinking, "Okay, how do I get back
into posting YouTube videos?" And one of
the things that I thought about over
this period was that I don't want to be
taking half measures with anything that
I do in my life. As many of you will
know if you've watched my content for a
while, uh the videos that I was making
for kind of the months leading up to
taking my time off, they weren't really
me trying hard, they weren't really
creative, they were just like posting a
video for the sake of posting a video
because it would have been awkward to
not post a video. And that's just not
what I want to be doing with my life, to
be honest, right? And it's just kind of
trap that a lot of content creators fall
into of like, "Okay, well, I just got to
keep posting cuz this is what I do." For
me, I've always felt a little bit
reticent about that because you just
leads you into this kind of like slot
machine, which is fine if that's the
type of stuff that you want to be doing.
It's just not the type of stuff that I
want to be doing. So, as I thought about
the type of stuff that I want to be
doing and thought about returning to
social media, I realized that what I
wanted to do was try a lot harder at
making some really cool content. Stuff
that I can throw myself 100% into. And
so, in the second half of this year, I
worked really hard on a series that I'm
going to be releasing. It's called
Reading My Way Across America. I went on
a really long road trip where I drove
from the Atlantic Ocean, New Bedford,
all the way out to the mountains in
Denver. And I visited the sites of eight
different great American novels
>> [snorts]
>> ranging from Moby Dick to To Kill a
Mockingbird to On the Road. So, I
visited the places where the novels are
set, I followed in the footsteps of the
protagonist, and I tried to understand
and analyze what it is that makes these
novels so great. So, it's a really fun
trip for me and I'm really proud of the
content that I made from that. Now, the
way that this content is going to be
getting posted on YouTube is pretty
straightforward. I'm going to post the
first half right now. Um so, over the
next four days, you're going to see four
videos. Then there's going to be about a
month and I'll post the second half. I
think it's really cool content and I
hope that you think so as well. I hope
that you really enjoy it. Now, in the
spirit of not half-assing stuff, I'm
also going to be shutting down
Bookshelved by the end of the year,
which was the site that I was running
and uh it's like a book review site and
I just did a bad job of running it. I'll
take that completely on me. Um
especially in this year where I didn't
do a good job and I could have done a
much better job. So, I'm going to just
shut it down. It's the right thing to
do. And so, I'm really grateful to
everyone who helped with that and
everyone who was a part of that, the
community that formed there. You know,
hopefully people enjoyed it and enjoyed
some of the conversations that we had.
There was some really great stuff that
went on there. But ultimately, it's not
something moving forward that I can be
focused on, especially if you're going
to be focused on making really cool
seasons of content like this. So, I hope
you understand and I'm thankful to
everyone who tried it out again. And
then finally, as you might have guessed,
the content that I'm going to be making
will look a lot different moving forward
and the way that I post it might look a
lot different moving forward as well. I
think I'm going to start posting more
seasonally where it's like, "Hey, I'm
going to post a season of content and
then I'm going to go off and plan and
film and edit another one and then post
that season again." Rather than doing
what most content creators do, which is
like, you know, post every week or post
every month. It's something I'm going to
experiment with at least and I'm going
to try it next year as well with filming
a series. And who knows? Maybe that
changes in the future. Um maybe I try
and do something where it's like
spreading it out over a period of time
cuz that's how social media usually
operates. But I really like the idea of
treating this as it's like a
full-fledged production and maybe it
becomes a full-fledged production in the
future. But I wanted to post this video
to show people like, "Hey, I'm alive." I
appreciate your messages of concern and
it was really nice when I was going
through a hard period to see that. And
uh I appreciate everyone also respecting
my privacy. Uh obviously, like I post
videos to the internet, I'm a public
figure, but I'm also like a deeply
private person. I don't share a lot of
details about my personal life. And like
[snorts] if I want to share those
things, I will share them, but
ultimately I think it's really important
for me to have a separation there. So,
that's pretty much it. I hope that you
really enjoy these videos. I worked
really hard on them. I think they're
pretty sweet. And uh if you don't enjoy
them, that's okay, too. I just
appreciate you taking the time and
getting this far in the video. So, thank
you for watching. I'll see you again
tomorrow with the first video of Reading
My Way Across America in New Bedford,
Massachusetts with Moby Dick.